Release 2.2.0 (#196)
php-http/client-common: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> ## UPCOMING

Reviewer: are we waiting on anything else? otherwise i suggest to use `## 2.2.0 - 2020-07-02` here. i have to leave in a sec, so won't tag anymore today, but can do it tomorrow

### Added

- Plugin client builder for making a `PluginClient`

> - Support for the PSR17 request factory in `HttpMethodsClient`

Reviewer: we usually write PSR-XX afaik:

```suggestion
- Support for the PSR-17 request factory in `HttpMethodsClient`
```

### Changed

- Restored support for `symfony/options-resolver: ^2.6`

> - Consitent implementation of union type checking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consistent implementation of union type checking
```
